docs: updates for VM Migration Assistant v1.0.5 (#5113)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-migration-assistant/create-source-providers.md

   | **Password**                    | Your vSphere / ESXi account password.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
   | **Skip certificate validation** | Enabling this option bypasses x509 CA verification. In production environments, do not enable if you are using a custom registry with self-signed SSL certificates, as the certificate can be provided in the next setting.                                                                                                                                   |
   | **CA certificate**              | Upload or drag and drop the CA certificate for your vSphere / ESXi. You can also use the **Fetch certificate from URL** option if your CA certificate is not third party or self-managed.                                                                                                                                                                     |

>    | **Convert Disk**                | When enabled, disk conversion is handled using virt-v2v. For example, if you're migrating from VMware to Kernel Virtual Machine (KVM), virt-v2v can convert Virtual Machine Disk (VMDK) to raw or QEMU copy-on-write version 2 (qcow2) formats that are optimal for the target environment.                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Convert Disk**                | When enabled, disk conversion is handled using virt-v2v. For example, if you're migrating from VMware vSphere to VMO, virt-v2v can convert Virtual Machine Disk (VMDK) to raw or QEMU copy-on-write version 2 (qcow2) formats that are optimal for the target environment.                                                                   |
```
